README.md, before:

# Cosmic Unicorn

Random code for Pinorami's Cosmic Unicorn display 
(https://shop.pimoroni.com/products/space-unicorns?variant=40842626596947).

## convert_image.py

This is an extremely quick hack of code to convert a directory of images 
into a 32x32 image, expressed in JSON as a grid of RGB values. This allows 
us to easily render whatever parts of the image we want, or to render it 
pixel by pixel or whatever, to give a nice effect.

### TODO

* Make this into a more usable command line tool
* Improve the JSON format to save space, perhaps by generating a palette, and
   referencing entries in that from the pixel matrix.

## christmas/

A Christmas display. Somewhat specific to me, as it mentions our cat.

## pgconfeu2023/

This directory contains the MicroPython code and JSON formatted images for 
presentation on the PGEU desk at PostgreSQL Conference Europe 2023.

The code contains some useful functions for clearing the screen and display
images and text in interesting ways.

## office/

This directory contains the MicroPython code and JSON formatted images for 
presentation on a day to day basis in my office.

This code uses the weather icons and free API from https://www.weatherapi.com/.

### TODO

* Move the fun parts out into a separate module for reuse in other projects.

# Handy Links

* [Cosmic Unicorn documentation](https://github.com/pimoroni/pimoroni-pico/blob/main/micropython/modules/cosmic_unicorn/)
* [Pico Graphics documentation](https://github.com/pimoroni/pimoroni-pico/tree/main/micropython/modules/picographics)
* [Galactic Unicorn: Multiverse](https://github.com/Gadgetoid/gu-multiverse) (for driving multiple displays from a controller system)

Commit message:

A Cosmic Unicorn emulator. Because why not?

README.md, after:

# Cosmic Unicorn

Random code for Pinorami's Cosmic Unicorn display 
(https://shop.pimoroni.com/products/space-unicorns?variant=40842626596947).

## convert_image.py

This is an extremely quick hack of code to convert a directory of images 
into a 32x32 image, expressed in JSON as a grid of RGB values. This allows 
us to easily render whatever parts of the image we want, or to render it 
pixel by pixel or whatever, to give a nice effect.

### TODO

* Make this into a more usable command line tool
* Improve the JSON format to save space, perhaps by generating a palette, and
   referencing entries in that from the pixel matrix.

## christmas/

A Christmas display. Somewhat specific to me, as it mentions our cat.

## pgconfeu2023/

This directory contains the MicroPython code and JSON formatted images for 
presentation on the PGEU desk at PostgreSQL Conference Europe 2023.

The code contains some useful functions for clearing the screen and display
images and text in interesting ways.

## office/

This directory contains the MicroPython code and JSON formatted images for 
presentation on a day to day basis in my office.

This code uses the weather icons and free API from https://www.weatherapi.com/.

### TODO

* Move the fun parts out into a separate module for reuse in other projects.

## emulator/

A terminal-based emulator for the Cosmic Unicorn that allows you to test and debug your applications without the physical hardware. The emulator displays a 32x32 pixel grid in your terminal using true-color (24-bit RGB) and mocks all the hardware modules.

**Quick start:**
```bash
# Run the default test/demo (no API keys required)
python3 emulator/run_emulator.py

# Run the office display
python3 emulator/run_emulator.py office/

# Run the Christmas display
python3 emulator/run_emulator.py christmas/
```

For full documentation, see [emulator/README.md](emulator/README.md).

# Handy Links

* [Cosmic Unicorn documentation](https://github.com/pimoroni/pimoroni-pico/blob/main/micropython/modules/cosmic_unicorn/)
* [Pico Graphics documentation](https://github.com/pimoroni/pimoroni-pico/tree/main/micropython/modules/picographics)
* [Galactic Unicorn: Multiverse](https://github.com/Gadgetoid/gu-multiverse) (for driving multiple displays from a controller system)
